# SpreeStoreMailSettings

Spree store mail settings gem will hep you easily add store specific SMTP mail settings in your application. 

## Key features

  - It includes ability to set store specific SMTP configuration from admin panel.
  - Easy to add more SMTP attributes to the mail setting table.
  - It uses spree_emails to send emails on different tiggers. For ex: On order completion, shipment shipped, order cancellation, plus we can add more triggers easily.

## Installation

1. Add this extension to your Gemfile with this line:

    ```ruby
    gem 'spree_store_mail_settings'
    ```

2. Install the gem using Bundler

    ```ruby
    bundle install
    ```

3. Copy & run migrations

    ```ruby
    bundle exec rails g spree_store_mail_settings:install
    ```

4. Restart your server

  If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.
  
## Demo


https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80153749/193229440-97258378-6ccc-4e0d-864c-50b2a5017beb.mp4



## Testing

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle update
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_store_mail_settings/factories'
```

## Releasing

```shell
bundle exec gem bump -p -t
bundle exec gem release
```

For more options please see [gem-release README](https://github.com/svenfuchs/gem-release)

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute, please take a look at the
[instructions](CONTRIBUTING.md) for installing dependencies and crafting a good
pull request.

Copyright (c) 2022 [name of extension creator], released under the New BSD License
